product not yet rated
so what's your story you're a mystery
who are you man is gonna kill you
hundreds dead in Guam mcountdown two
more attacks targeting America the world
is looking for answers mr. Fisher and I
don't have the private sector can't give
you the freedom to do what you need
as commander-in-chief I can mean the
syph freedom
completely off the books no prosecution
I'll tell you anything we have three
days until the next blacklisted Pony
cover from up top few presidents have
ever granted the fifth freedom it's the
right to defend our laws
take the shot grim
by breaking on to safeguard secrets by
stealing them
to save lives
by taking them to deep where you think
you can stop the backless do whatever it
takes to protect our country
the fifth freedom
is mine alone
I am Sam Fisher
I am a supporter so I want to talk to
the man in charge
you're talking tom